or you thinking Beecham well sometimes I
think about the girl he shot dead over
$96 mostly I think about doing my job
well 12 hours from now convicted killer
Frank Beechum will be executed by lethal
injection healthy so Horace I'm over
here is the human interest angle you
know final date what it's like all right
whatever it on it to set everything with
Everett is a big investigative which
played he was a drunk then he isn't now
every come here
I want to tell everyone that I believe
in Jesus Christ our Lord and Savior I
believe I'm going to a better place
better justice there is there any more
that you are mr. Peachum frankly I don't
give a rat's ass about Jesus Christ and
I don't care about justice in this world
or the next so I'm gonna ask you to kill
that woman or not read the transcripts a
witness saw beaten with a gun I think I
will feel a whole lot safer when Frank
Beechum's gun is there something you
before yes sir that's where the potato
chips used to be how could you have seen
over the potato chips potato chips this
is a white accountant in Richmond tell
him he's just gonna walk into a grocery
store when he heard the shots you're the
guy who led that crusade to get the
rapists released last year I am how am I
gonna kill the guy tonight can you come
back tomorrow after a police
investigation a trial what six years of
Appeals and you follow discrepancies now
come on there was somebody wasn't there
give me something man what do you want
from me what do you people want from me
anybody ever tell you that Beecham
volunteered for a lie-detector test and
he flunked it big time so why don't you
just go pour yourself a tall one fake
I don't know whose head you're trying to
save here Beechum's of your own from
Academy Award winning director Clint
Eastwood from Pisa let me tell you the
war true crime